## Fall Out 76 bugs

1.	Subtitles were not appearing when listening to a Holotape or interacting with robots despite being in a foreign language. This would be white box testing because it must have been found during the testing of the game prior to launching. Game interactions should be understood across all character interactions and if subtitles are needed they should appear correctly and with adequate timing. It’s also Localization testing because this issue had to be resolved before launching so that people from other countries could understand what is being spoken between characters. If I was the developer I would have tested each Holotape in the game 100 times each to see if there is something going wrong with it 

2.	Power Armor frames that could prevent the player from exiting their Power Armor. This is black box testing because although it should have been caught before beta testing phase this bug was found by users. Armors and other character power artifacts should be in working order before the customer gets the game. This is a functionality testing it will test if all the functions of the game are working as they should. In this case the player should be able to exit the Power Armor without a glitch. By testing the game/ playing it in all levels this bug could be noticed before reaching the gamer. If I was the developer I would have tested every power armor we had by making the character, go inside it to see what happens a lot of times to see if there are any clichés or errors when putting it on. Also testing different areas of the game to see if that does anything to the power armor and player.

3.	On PS4, wires will no longer appear to float in mid-air when attempting connect two or more objects. This Is black box testing because the gamers found it even though is common to find a graphics bug that either way should have been caught before launching. I would have tested this out 100 times by connecting things constantly to see what the wires would do, to see if there was anything going wrong with the graphics.


4.	Players can no longer continuously disarm the same grenade trap. This is black box testing although this is a bug that should be identified before launching the game, it can be possible that this can happen afterwards and be discovered by beta testing. This is a balance/compatibility test because this is a bug that affects the fairness of the game since disarming the same grenade trap over and over getting credit for it, might incline the odds unfairly toward the gamer. I would have done a test to see if there were any issue disarming grenades by disarming them 200 times to see if there are any issues with the grenade being disarmed.



5.	Player gets an infinite loading screen when signing out of their console account while playing Fallout 76. This is a white box testing because the developers should be able to fix this before releasing it. The software capability of working while signing in and out is crucial in the game so it should be tested before launching the game. Also, functionality testing, the game software should perform correctly while signing in or out of the gamer console account. By trying to play the game in different consoles accounts this should be identified before launching the game. I would have tested so much for this to work if I was the developer because this is the first thing they see the Menu of the game. I would have tested loading to the main menu 500 times just stating the game. Also when you sign in and out of the game 500 times to see if there are any issues. 
